clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "istio-reader-istio-system" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "istio-reader-istio-system" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "attributemanifests.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "clusterrbacconfigs.rbac.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "destinationrules.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "envoyfilters.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "gateways.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "httpapispecbindings.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "httpapispecs.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "meshpolicies.authentication.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "policies.authentication.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "quotaspecbindings.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "quotaspecs.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "rbacconfigs.rbac.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "rules.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "serviceentries.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "servicerolebindings.rbac.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "serviceroles.rbac.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "virtualservices.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "adapters.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "instances.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "templates.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "handlers.config.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "sidecars.networking.istio.io" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "authorizationpolicies.security.istio.io" deleted
namespace "istio-system" deleted
